---
id: 425
title: 'Upcoming Shows: 9/20/2012'
date: 2012-09-20T15:50:58-04:00
author: jason
layout: post
guid: http://jasonspecland.azurewebsites.net/?p=425
permalink: /2012/09/20/upcoming-shows-9202012/
fb_social_plugin_settings_box_like:
  - default
fb_social_plugin_settings_box_comments:
  - default
fb_mentioned_pages:
  - 'a:0:{}'
fb_mentioned_pages_message:
  - ""
fb_mentioned_friends:
  - 'a:0:{}'
fb_mentioned_friends_message:
  - ""
fb_author_message:
  - ""
tumblrize_post-type:
  - regular
tumblrize_post-group:
  - jasonspecland
fb_author_post_id:
  - "10151437256654616"
fb_status_messages:
  - 'a:1:{i:0;a:2:{s:7:"message";s:104:"Posted to <a href="http://www.facebook.com/10151437256654616" target="_blank">your Facebook Timeline</a>";s:5:"error";s:0:"";}}'
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
I&#8217;m doing a lot of stuff this week at the [Peoples Improv Theater](http://thepit-nyc.com). (123 E. 24th St., between Park and Lexington Avenues.)

**PITch** (Musical Improv open jam)  
The PIT Underground  
Thursday, September 20, 2012, 6 PM  
FREE!  
Join me and some of my musical house team friends for an open jam of improvised musical mayhem. A perfect way to get your feet wet in a fun, low-pressure environment.

**East Side Orphan Riot** (Musical Improv)  
The PIT Underground  
Thursday, September 20, 2012, 8 PM  
$5 (FREE if you get you attend PITch and get your hand stamped)  
Watch us make up a brand new musical before your very eyes! Who needs a &#8220;score&#8221; or a &#8220;book&#8221; or &#8220;any idea what we&#8217;re actually going to do before we do it?&#8221; Followed by the sexily talented group &#8220;Harvey.&#8221;

**PUPPET**  
The PIT Mainstage (Striker Theater)  
Monday, September 24, 2012, 7 PM  
$8  
It&#8217;s a massive puppet variety show! Watch us bring fur and felt to life in a completely silly manner. Special non-puppet guest star Glennis McCarthy of the Gorgeous Ladies of Comedy.

**1-800-LONDON**  
The PIT Underground  
Monday, September 24, 2012, 9 PM  
FREE!  
I team up once again with my non-musical house team buddies. For a raunchy good time, call 1-800-LONDON. Why raunchy? I don&#8217;t know. We&#8217;re like a bunch of high school kids when we&#8217;re together. But it&#8217;s funny, man.

**I Trust&#8230; Beth White**  
The PIT Underground  
Tuesday, September 25, 2012, 7 PM  
$5  
In &#8220;I Trust&#8230;&#8221; The PIT&#8217;s amazing Donna Lobello picks a new partner with which to perform two-prov. Additionally, she brings in two other two-prov groups to share the evening with her. That&#8217;s where Kathryn and I come in. Our two-prov group, Marmalade, makes me so giddily happy it&#8217;s not funny. Well, actually, it **is** funny. That&#8217;s rather the point.

COME SEE ME MAKE STUFF UP FOR YOU, PLEASE!